Requirement

What’s full form of SRS?
Ans: System Requirement Specification
Why SRS is important in Manual Testing?
Ans: helps to ensure that the system or application is developed to
     meet the needs of the user.
What is Use Cases?
Ans:it is a methodology used in system analysis to identify, clarify and
    organize system requirements.
What are Non-functional Requirement in SRS?
Ans:set of specifications that describe the systems operation capabilities
    and constraints and attempt to improve its functionality.
Design an Use Case Diagram? Describe briefly.
Ans: it describe the high level functions and scope of a system, use of case diagram 
     is a tool that maps interactions between users and systems to show the interactions
     between them

Test Cases

What is a Test Case?
Ans:the actions required to verify a specific feature or functionality in software testing.
List out level of Test Cases? What are fields of a Test case Template?
Ans:>unit testing
    >system testing
    >integration testing
    >acceptance testing
    fields of test cases template are test case id, test secenario, test case, pre condition,
    test steps, test data, expected result, actual result, status.
Write test cases for Gmail Login? Give at least 5 examples?
Ans:>enter valid first name, valid last name
    >enter valid user name and valid password
    >enter valid user name and invalid password
    >enter invalid user name and valid password
    >enter invalid user name and invalid password.
What problems you face in writing test cases?
Ans: communication issues, dealing with changes, missing documentation.
What is called a good Test Case? What is a bad Test Case?
Ans: a poor quality test gives little information something that was alreday known or 
     worse gives nothing
What are guidelines for writing Test Cases?
Ans:it should be clarity and transparency
What is Test Data? Why is it important?
Ans:test data is a production like set of data used by test cases to determine whether an
    application is working correctly.
Develop Test cases for Flight Reservation Application?
(Use standard guidelines to write your test cases. Cover all sections provided in SRS).